Update v2.0 migration guide (#6054)
meltano/meltano: docs/src/_guide/transformation.md

weight: 5
---

Transformations in Meltano are implemented using dbt. All Meltano generated projects have a `transform/` directory, which is populated with the required configuration, models, packages, etc in order to run the transformations. A transform in Meltano is simply a set of dbt models that can be installed as a package. See the [transform plugin](/concepts/plugins#transforms) docs for more details.

## Adapter-Specific dbt Transformation

> In alignment with the [dbt documentation](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/available-adapters), we are working towards supporting adapter-specific installations of `dbt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In alignment with the [dbt documentation](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/available-adapters), we support adapter-specific installations of `dbt`.
```

Reviewer: It won't let me comment on the line below but I'd like to add in language and a link to the Hub to get users to contribute their own!
